Vote for BornChanger for TiDB committer. (#784)
pingcap/community: votes/0784-BrianZhang-as-tidb-committer.md

# A Vote for BornChanger as TiDB Committer

## Proposal

> [BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger) have contributed a lot to TiDB repo, he has fixed several issues and has been doing some enhancement work in TiCDC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger) have contributed a lot to TiDB repo, he has fixed several issues and has been doing some enhancement work in resource control and BR.
```
